= Project jAPRS =

'''jAPRS''' aka '''APRS I-net Position Sender'''  - java (J2ME) APRS-client for mobile phones.

Author: Alexey UA3MQJ, Rybinsk, Yaroslavl region.

== Introduction ==
In the forum thread [http://forum.qrz.ru/thread26112.html alternative positioning] looking ways of positioning APRS stations without using GPS-receiver. 
One of these methods - determine the coordinates from known milestones.
The general sense is that take a geographic point, set for this point specific name and determined the exact coordinates. 
When traveling on a route, it defined points.
Now, having reached a certain point of the route, you can know exactly what your coordinates.

== About ==
jAPRS used to send position messages to the APRS server that're in a certain geographic point.
The program is developed on a platform J2ME(JAVA-application is for a cell phone).
The geographic points are stored in separate text files.
The file name is the name of the point.
Contents of the file - point coordinates and comment.
Files are stored on the phone flash card and grouped into different folders.
The group, for example - on the routes of buses, on which you can move around.

Example position:

file 01-CentralPlace.txt 

contains the text: 

58.02.08N 038.51.32E Central Place {jAPRS}


Example objects:

file localobjects.txt

contains the text: 

;Objects

UA3MAD /r 58.01.83N 038.51.23E Echo Repeater 430

UA3MAO /r 58.01.83N 038.51.24E Repeater 430


== Features  ==
 * Send beacon manually
 * Automatic sending of the last beacon regularly after a specified period
 * Send APRS text messages
 * Choose the type of connection to APRS server: permanent or temporary (set at the time for send data)
 * Receive APRS text messages (when use permanent connection)

== Version history ==
 * The first version was released on 03/26/2011
 * Version of 02.07.2012 - Added feature to send objects.

== Download ==
http://japrs.googlecode.com/svn/APRSInetSenderST/APRSInetSender.jad
http://japrs.googlecode.com/svn/APRSInetSenderST/APRSInetSender.jar

== Project status ==
The project is in the development stage. 
Updates and improvements are maintained to the extent possible and suggestions from users. 
Being worked on positioning capabilities CELL_ID, the coordinates of a GPS-based Location API for J2ME (JSR179), work with sound. 
The program is designed for phones with a keyboard with standard menus, so should work on almost all phones with support for flash memory cards. 
It can also run on a touch phone with a virtual keyboard, which is commonly in these phones (but it is not convenient). 
Development environment - the free NetBeans IDE 6.9.1 and SUN Wireless Toolkit 2.5.2, which can be freely downloaded from the developer. 
JAPRS the project is open source and .

== Links ==
* http://aprs2.qrz.ru/index.php/JAPRS - page on qrz.ru
* http://forum.qrz.ru/thread30823.html - forum thread

